fix(examples-ubuntu): artifacthub.io (#133)
tinkerbell/tinkerbell-docs: docs/deploying-operating-systems/examples-ubuntu.md

### Creating the Template

> The template uses [actions](https://github.com/artifacthub/hub/blob/master/docs/metadata/artifacthub-pkg.yml) from the [artifacthub.io](https://artifacthub.io).

Reviewer: The Tinkerbell section of the ArtifactHub docs includes a link to the spec. Let's link to the Tinkerbell section rather than the spec directly.  With this change, perhaps the text should change somewhat.

```suggestion
The template uses [actions](https://artifacthub.io/docs/topics/repositories/#tinkerbell-actions-repositories) from the [artifacthub.io](https://artifacthub.io).
```
